 Safety Data Sheet
                              NON-Hazardous, NON-Dangerous Goods

1. MATERIAL AND SUPPLY COMPANY IDENTIFICATION


Product name:   Mobiltrans HD 30 Dyed Blue
Synonyms                                                                          Product Code
Mobiltrans HD 30 Dyed Blue                                                        5150

Recommended use: Hydraulic fluid, manual transmission fluid

Supplier:           Ampol Australia Petroleum Pty Ltd
ABN:                17 000 032 128
Street Address:     29 - 33 Bourke Road
                    Alexandria NSW 2015
                    Australia
Telephone:          (02) 9250 5000
Facsimile:          (02) 9250 5742

Emergency Telephone number:         1800 033 111


2. HAZARDS IDENTIFICATION

Based on available information, this material is not classified as hazardous according to criteria of Safe
Work Australia GHS 7.

Poison Schedule: Not Applicable

DANGEROUS GOOD CLASSIFICATION

Not classified as Dangerous Goods by the criteria of the "Australian Code for the Transport of Dangerous Goods
by Road & Rail" and the "New Zealand NZS5433: Transport of Dangerous Goods on Land".

Classified as a C2 (COMBUSTIBLE LIQUID) for the purpose of storage and handling, in accordance with the
requirements of AS 1940. Refer to State Regulations for storage and transport requirements.


3. COMPOSITION INFORMATION

CHEMICAL ENTITY                                                              CAS NO               PROPORTION

Highly refined mineral oil(s)                                                -                           >60 %
Ingredients determined to be non-hazardous                                   -                          Balance
                                                                                                  ____________
                                                                                                          100%


4. FIRST AID MEASURES

If poisoning occurs, contact a doctor or Poisons Information Centre (Phone Australia 131 126, New Zealand 0800
764 766).

Inhalation: Remove victim from exposure - avoid becoming a casualty. Remove contaminated clothing and
loosen remaining clothing. Allow patient to assume most comfortable position and keep warm. Keep at rest until
fully recovered. Seek medical advice if effects persist.

Skin Contact: If skin or hair contact occurs, remove contaminated clothing and flush skin and hair with running
 Product Name: Mobiltrans HD 30 Dyed Blue                                          Reference No: AAP0085901
 Issued: 2021-04-27                                   Version: 1.1                                   Page 1 of 6
 Safety Data Sheet
water. If swelling, redness, blistering or irritation occurs seek medical assistance.

Eye contact: If in eyes wash out immediately with water. In all cases of eye contamination it is a sensible
precaution to seek medical advice.

Ingestion: Rinse mouth with water. If swallowed, do NOT induce vomiting. Give a glass of water to drink.
Never give anything by the mouth to an unconscious patient. If vomiting occurs give further water. Seek medical
advice.

PPE for First Aiders: Wear safety shoes, overalls, gloves, safety glasses. Available information suggests that
gloves made from nitrile rubber should be suitable for intermittent contact. However, due to variations in glove
construction and local conditions, the user should make a final assessment. Always wash hands before smoking,
eating, drinking or using the toilet. Wash contaminated clothing and other protective equipment before storing or
re-using.

Notes to physician: Treat symptomatically.


5. FIRE FIGHTING MEASURES

Hazchem Code: Not applicable.

Suitable extinguishing media: If material is involved in a fire use water fog (or if unavailable fine water spray),
alcohol resistant foam, standard foam, dry agent (carbon dioxide, dry chemical powder).

Specific hazards: Combustible liquid.

Fire fighting further advice: On burning or decomposing may emit toxic fumes. Fire fighters to wear self-
contained breathing apparatus and suitable protective clothing if risk of exposure to vapour or products of
combustion or decomposition.


6. ACCIDENTAL RELEASE MEASURES

SMALL SPILLS
Wear protective equipment to prevent skin and eye contamination. Avoid inhalation of vapours or dust. Wipe up
with absorbent (clean rag or paper towels). Collect and seal in properly labelled containers or drums for disposal.

LARGE SPILLS
Clear area of all unprotected personnel. Slippery when spilt. Avoid accidents, clean up immediately. Wear
protective equipment to prevent skin and eye contamination and the inhalation of vapours. Work up wind or
increase ventilation. Contain - prevent run off into drains and waterways. Use absorbent (soil, sand or other inert
material). Collect and seal in properly labelled containers or drums for disposal. If contamination of crops,
sewers or waterways has occurred advise local emergency services.

Dangerous Goods - Initial Emergency Response Guide No: Not applicable


7. HANDLING AND STORAGE

Handling: Avoid eye contact and repeated or prolonged skin contact. Avoid inhalation of vapour, mist or
aerosols.

Storage: Store in a cool, dry, well-ventilated place and out of direct sunlight. Store away from foodstuffs. Store
away from incompatible materials described in Section 10. Store away from sources of heat and/or ignition.
Keep container standing upright. Keep containers closed when not in use - check regularly for leaks.

Classified as a C2 (COMBUSTIBLE LIQUID) for the purpose of storage and handling, in accordance with the
requirements of AS 1940. Refer to State Regulations for storage and transport requirements.

Product Name: Mobiltrans HD 30 Dyed Blue                                                Reference No: AAP0085901
Issued: 2021-04-27                                      Version: 1.1                                     Page 2 of 6
 Safety Data Sheet
8. EXPOSURE CONTROLS / PERSONAL PROTECTION

National occupational exposure limits:

                                                             TWA                     STEL             NOTICES
                                                       ppm      mg/m3          ppm       mg/m3

 Oil mist, refined mineral                               -            5          -           -            -

As published by Safe Work Australia.

TWA - The time-weighted average airborne concentration over an eight-hour working day, for a five-day working
week over an entire working life.

STEL (Short Term Exposure Limit) - the average airborne concentration over a 15 minute period which should not
be exceeded at any time during a normal eight-hour workday.

These Exposure Standards are guides to be used in the control of occupational health hazards. All atmospheric
contamination should be kept to as low a level as is workable. These exposure standards should not be used as
fine dividing lines between safe and dangerous concentrations of chemicals. They are not a measure of relative
toxicity.

If the directions for use on the product label are followed, exposure of individuals using the product should not
exceed the above standard. The standard was created for workers who are routinely, potentially exposed during
product manufacture.

Biological Limit Values: As per the "National Model Regulations for the Control of Workplace Hazardous
Substances (Safe Work Australia)" the ingredients in this material do not have a Biological Limit Allocated.

Engineering Measures: Ensure ventilation is adequate to maintain air concentrations below Exposure
Standards. Use only in well ventilated areas. Use with local exhaust ventilation or while wearing appropriate
respirator. Vapour heavier than air - prevent concentration in hollows or sumps. Do NOT enter confined spaces
where vapour may have collected.

Personal Protection Equipment: SAFETY SHOES, OVERALLS, GLOVES, SAFETY GLASSES.

Personal protective equipment (PPE) must be suitable for the nature of the work and any hazard associated with
the work as identified by the risk assessment conducted.

When handling individual retail packs no personal protection equipment is required.

Wear safety shoes, overalls, gloves, safety glasses. Available information suggests that gloves made from nitrile
rubber should be suitable for intermittent contact. However, due to variations in glove construction and local
conditions, the user should make a final assessment. Always wash hands before smoking, eating, drinking or
using the toilet. Wash contaminated clothing and other protective equipment before storing or re-using.

Hygiene measures: Keep away from food, drink and animal feeding stuffs. When using do not eat, drink or
smoke. Wash hands prior to eating, drinking or smoking. Avoid contact with clothing. Avoid eye contact and
repeated or prolonged skin contact. Avoid inhalation of vapour, mist or aerosols. Ensure that eyewash stations
and safety showers are close to the workstation location.


9. PHYSICAL AND CHEMICAL PROPERTIES

 Form:                  Liquid
 Colour:                Blue
 Odour:                 Characteristic

 Solubility:                                  Immiscible in water
 Specific Gravity:                            0.893 @ 15°C

Product Name: Mobiltrans HD 30 Dyed Blue                                              Reference No: AAP0085901
Issued: 2021-04-27                                     Version: 1.1                                    Page 3 of 6
 Safety Data Sheet
 Relative Vapour Density (air=1):              >1
 Vapour Pressure (20 °C):                      <0.013 kPa @ 20ºC
 Flash Point (°C):                             >218
 Flammability Limits (%):                      0.9 - 7.0
 Autoignition Temperature (°C):                N Av
 Melting Point/Range (°C):                     N Av
 Boiling Point/Range (°C):                     >316
 pH:                                           N App
 Viscosity:                                    100 cSt @ 40°C
 Total VOC (g/Litre):                          N Av

                                 (Typical values only - consult specification sheet)
                                  N Av = Not available, N App = Not applicable


10. STABILITY AND REACTIVITY

Chemical stability: This material is thermally stable when stored and used as directed.

Conditions to avoid: Elevated temperatures and sources of ignition.

Incompatible materials: Oxidising agents.

Hazardous decomposition products: Oxides of carbon and nitrogen, smoke and other toxic fumes.

Hazardous reactions: No known hazardous reactions.


11. TOXICOLOGICAL INFORMATION

No adverse health effects expected if the product is handled in accordance with this Safety Data Sheet and the
product label. Symptoms or effects that may arise if the product is mishandled and overexposure occurs are:

Acute Effects

Inhalation: Material may be an irritant to mucous membranes and respiratory tract.

Skin contact: Contact with skin may result in irritation.

Ingestion: Swallowing can result in nausea, vomiting and irritation of the gastrointestinal tract.

Eye contact: May be an eye irritant.

Acute toxicity

Inhalation: This material has been classified as not hazardous for acute inhalation exposure. Acute toxicity
estimate (based on ingredients): LC50 > 20.0 mg/L for vapours or LC50 > 5.0 mg/L for dust and mist.

Skin contact: This material has been classified as not hazardous for acute dermal exposure. Acute toxicity
estimate (based on ingredients): LD50 > 2,000 mg/Kg bw

Ingestion: This material has been classified as not hazardous for acute ingestion exposure. Acute toxicity
estimate (based on ingredients): LD50 > 2,000 mg/Kg bw

Corrosion/Irritancy: Eye: this material has been classified as not corrosive or irritating to eyes. Skin: this
material has been classified as not corrosive or irritating to skin.

Sensitisation: Inhalation: this material has been classified as not a respiratory sensitiser. Skin: this material has
been classified as not a skin sensitiser.


Product Name: Mobiltrans HD 30 Dyed Blue                                               Reference No: AAP0085901
Issued: 2021-04-27                                      Version: 1.1                                     Page 4 of 6
 Safety Data Sheet
Aspiration hazard: This material has been classified as not an aspiration hazard.

Specific target organ toxicity (single exposure): This material has been classified as not a specific hazard to
target organs by a single exposure.

Chronic Toxicity

Mutagenicity: This material has been classified as not a mutagen.

Carcinogenicity: This material has been classified as not a carcinogen.

Reproductive toxicity (including via lactation): This material has been classified as not a reproductive
toxicant.

Specific target organ toxicity (repeat exposure): This material has been classified as not a specific hazard to
target organs by repeat exposure.


12. ECOLOGICAL INFORMATION

Avoid contaminating waterways.

Acute aquatic hazard: This material has been classified as not hazardous for acute aquatic exposure. Acute
toxicity estimate (based on ingredients): > 100 mg/L

Long-term aquatic hazard: This material has been classified as not hazardous for chronic aquatic exposure.
Non-rapidly or rapidly degradable substance for which there are adequate chronic toxicity data available OR in
the absence of chronic toxicity data, Acute toxicity estimate (based on ingredients): >100 mg/L, where the
substance is not rapidly degradable and/or BCF < 500 and/or log Kow < 4.

Ecotoxicity: No information available.

Persistence and degradability: No information available.

Bioaccumulative potential: No information available.

Mobility: No information available.


13. DISPOSAL CONSIDERATIONS

Persons conducting disposal, recycling or reclamation activities should ensure that appropriate personal
protection equipment is used, see "Section 8. Exposure Controls and Personal Protection" of this SDS.

If possible material and its container should be recycled. If material or container cannot be recycled, dispose in
accordance with local, regional, national and international Regulations.


14. TRANSPORT INFORMATION

ROAD AND RAIL TRANSPORT
Not classified as Dangerous Goods by the criteria of the "Australian Code for the Transport of Dangerous Goods
by Road & Rail" and the "New Zealand NZS5433: Transport of Dangerous Goods on Land".

MARINE TRANSPORT
Not classified as Dangerous Goods by the criteria of the International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code (IMDG
Code) for transport by sea.

AIR TRANSPORT
Not classified as Dangerous Goods by the criteria of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) Dangerous
Product Name: Mobiltrans HD 30 Dyed Blue                                             Reference No: AAP0085901
Issued: 2021-04-27                                     Version: 1.1                                     Page 5 of 6
 Safety Data Sheet
Goods Regulations for transport by air.

15. REGULATORY INFORMATION

This material is not subject to the following international agreements:
Montreal Protocol (Ozone depleting substances)
The Stockholm Convention (Persistent Organic Pollutants)
The Rotterdam Convention (Prior Informed Consent)
Basel Convention (Hazardous Waste)

This material is subject to the following international agreements:

International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (MARPOL)
         • Annex I - Oil

This material/constituent(s) is covered by the following requirements:

The Standard for the Uniform Scheduling of Medicines and Poisons (SUSMP) established under the Therapeutic
Goods Act (Commonwealth): Not Applicable.

AICIS Status: Formulations where all components AIIC listed.


16. OTHER INFORMATION

 Reason for issue:     Revised

This information was prepared in good faith from the best information available at the time of issue. It is based on
the present level of research and to this extent we believe it is accurate. However, no guarantee of accuracy is
made or implied and since conditions of use are beyond our control, all information relevant to usage is offered
without warranty. The manufacturer will not be held responsible for any unauthorised use of this information or for
any modified or altered versions.

If you are an employer it is your duty to tell your employees, and any others that may be affected, of any hazards
described in this sheet and of any precautions that should be taken.

Safety Data Sheets are updated frequently. Please ensure you have a current copy.




Product Name: Mobiltrans HD 30 Dyed Blue                                             Reference No: AAP0085901
Issued: 2021-04-27                                     Version: 1.1                                     Page 6 of 6
